hey guys its Ethan here from won't stop
gaming today I bring for you a new anti
idol update yes that's right I have hit
the amazingness that is 4000 and this
video was actually going to be right
when I got 4,000 but it didn't really
work out that way because i accidentally
recorded audio that i didn't know was
running on my computer and it sounds
like there are sixteen thousand people
talking so i had to record again and
then that got messed up so this is my
third time there tend to chart now so
it's ok so let's start talking about
what's up now with the account so let's
go to the feature shop and you'll notice
i have maxed out maximum boost hooray I
said that I'm worried because um see I
my max boost is completely maxed out I
actually got 10,000 blue coins for
hitting four thousand and I bought that
on screen on the original one and now
yeah and so I have 5,000 or five hundred
seventy-four percent sorry for the
minimum boost which is pretty close
seventy-five percent or seventy six
percent left to go rather so that is
pretty cool all right now let's go to
mystery shop everything in the mystery
shop has been bought I forgot to miss
everything a feature shop has been
bought so well everything the mystery
shopper is a one-time Biazon bought it
picture shop yeah you know what I mean
guys all right if you go to the button
i'm at 152,000 clicks and 1.5 k purple
coins so nothing horribly exciting there
um yeah that's it Victor how much have I
printed out 3.1 billion coins that is so
much but not really at the same time um
yeah I would have been really impressed
with that early on in the game but no
it's only like double what i have now
and I've definitely had that up one
point um anyway let's move on to the ik
nothing new here 882 100k topia eric
metals mostly from what's it called
bounce three yeah so nothing great there
let's go to the little yeah stay in
there you go you just saw everything I
wants nothing new here 17,000 stadium
tokens and everything so next so that's
good so if I ever come out with another
skill I gotta cover it it's fine let's
see oh I'll market nothing news change
capacities or what has a little bit
capacity is 16 and my profits only
format 75,000 I'm going to break into
that probably a little bit more in this
streak of a thousand because I kind of
want to do that just do if you go to
adventures five 4534 reputation I need
five thousand and I'm going to put all
the blue coins so many blue coins which
will be great because I can dump that
into a bunch of stuff I really need
let's go back up to the garden okay as
you know I already have 25 unlocked here
and I'm might start working on another
garden soon maybe I don't know so yeah
I've just been breeding a lot lately and
just seeing what I can get precedes
hopefully that'll be maxed out soon I
don't know to really know but we'll find
out well it'll happen eventually
hopefully yeah it will happen all right
let's go to the battle ria as you can
see I'm ranked 2 33 which is pretty good
these are my stats right here so now you
can just look at them right now I passed
6500 and accuracy invasion for the
achievement so I was pretty happy about
that working on attack power that's what
I'm putting my pixels into because I
heard that's the easiest to do first
with so let's go to fishing no I'm kind
of going a weird order fishing mice
total score has gone up to 3.5 82 ml
pretty good and I accidentally bought a
level at one point I misclicked and it
was kind of spawning we can open up a
treasure box maybe now we can just solve
it um so yeah that's that's what I've
been doing as far as fishing goes thanks
for I'm not even trying let's see dragon
nothing new in the dragon is like free
Marie and then I don't feed him
I'm epic skills this is what I'm proud
about 1 FX go away I am 382 million
coins from the last epic school and I
know you're supposed to get double
progress first with a one and all of
these and then work this way well I want
to be a rebel and I worked this way so
to you guys that's what I wanted to do
so I did it damn it alright let's see
what else mystery boxes we can just go
through quickly and see that i'm missing
almost everything and everything except
for a couple way on pixelated mystery
box I've got all the legendary box
couple a three-way in the instant
progress one away in the attendance box
and two away i think yep two away me
also great so I'm working on it I'm
working on it it's it's going to those
will be back soon so my cards for 35 25
1 10 12 11 12 14 11 is the silly all
right now I'm going to be using these
two men mastercards like a maniac and
that auto harvest will probably be used
to have time to use it effectively I'm a
piece odd right now or purple screen of
death is at 18.5 percent because I
overuse it straight up I really do I
can't really leave my computer on all
the time and I know I should leave it on
battle over your next it's a lot better
but whatever um let's see let's see
quest I am at 162 done quests completed
and happy who the time and i'm working
on crafting material drops right now
nothing to was sitting there nothing
good in the special shop right now I
don't know if you cared about that let's
go to achievements 504 out of 630 holy
crap Timeflies I'm just going to scroll
through them really slowly not really
slowly pretty quickly I mean so you guys
can see kind of what I'm missing a
couple of I'm pretty cool sat they'll
happen will happen eventually most of
them are just like yeah will blink yet
or achievement gathered whatever some
did won't happen until the end of the
series and that'll actually probably be
the last thing of the series guys unless
I do a speed run ascension which might
be a thing if you guys like the series
enough finally the last thing to look at
is careers
benign idle air level 15 gardener level
24 fighter level 6 item maker 54 button
masher 28 arcade player 32 racer 17 care
player 7 gem trader 37 adventurers 6 pet
trainer and 16 Fisher so yeah that's
what I've been working on with the
exception of fighter button basher and
adventure I actually haven't put any
money in this this is all from potions
which is pretty nice even though none of
them are maxed it's pretty nice and
that's I'm going to dump all my money
into fighter to try to get that up to a
hundred once i'm done with epic skills
so that's actually pretty cool and i'm
glad i get to start working on that soon
alright guys so that's about it i hope
you enjoyed this update not four
thousand but 4000 through and probably
catch you guys next time be sure to
check out my jak and daxter let's play
if you're interested in that i can't
believe i left auto fight off i'm stupid
that happens more than it should be sure
to check out my jak and daxter let's
play economic gamer series which i'm
starting up you might be interested in
that I'll save you some money if you
check it out and that's about it guys so
I'll see you when I hit level five
thousand with the series ok guys have a
good one